WayVes utilises the Wayland Layer Shell Protocol to display Windows as 'Layers'. Since some GTK-specific features such as Styling via .css files and support of Paintables was desired, WayVes uses GTK4 to draw and display the Windows. Hence, the GTK4 Wayland Layer Shell Protocol dependency is necessary.

WayVes runs an instance of a GTK4 Application for each Audio Object in a new Thread. These instances then drive the underlying Shaders. Rendering is handled Asynchronously, but ultimately the render commands get queued to the main GTK4 Application Thread.
As the GTK main loop is responsible for 'updating' the UI, too many Shaders under a single Audio Object (and therefore under a single GTK4 Application instance) can lead to performance issues.

For this reason, it is recommended to 'split' the Shaders among different Audio Objects. Too many Shaders under a single Audio Object WILL lead to stutters and performance drops.

-- NEW Renderer --

GTK4 recently introduced the New GL Renderer, along with Vulkan. As of the latest stable GTK4 release version (4.20.2), the New Renderers seem to offer sub-par performance as compared to the 'Old' GL Renderer (Such as in GTK4.12).

If you encounter severe performance issues, even after 'splitting' the Shaders among different Audio Objects as discussed above, you can try to use an Older GTK4 version and see if that fixes the issues.
You'll be building a minimal version of the GTK4 library and then linking it to the WayVes Executable, so the rest of the sytem won't be affected.
As WayVes needs only the underlying Windowing and Styling Logic, you need not include other GTK functionalities during the build, such as demos, examples and tests.

Steps:
1. Get the Source Code for the GTK4 Version (GTK 4.12.5 / 4.12.0 produced no performance drops; it is suggested to use either one of these.)
2. In the make-release.sh, remove the dependencies that are not essential by supplying -D flags
3. Supply the prefix directory where the built libraries will be placed
4. Build and install GTK in the prefixed build directory

Before running WayVes, export the commands to ensure that the older version overrides the new one by supplying the flags
Check if it's correct by running `ldd WayVes | grep -i 'gtk'`. You should see 2 entries, one corresponding to the gtk4-layer-shell library, and the other (libgtk-4.so.1) should point to your prefixed directory.

If that is not the case, then you'll have to explicitly load the `libgtk-4.so.1` library using LD_PRELOAD. The library should be present in prefix/lib, or in prefix/x86_64-linux-gnu directory.

WayVes should now use the older GTK version while running. 

(Give some way to test that!)